Api edits (#358)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast-signals/quidel.md

#### Smoothing

> Pooling data forms smoothed estimates over time. That is, daily, for each location, we first pool all data available in that location over the last 7-days, and we then recompute everything described in the last two

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We compute smoothed estimates by pooling data over time. That is, daily, for each location, we first pool all data available in that location over the last 7-days, and we then recompute everything described in the last two
```
